Go on try it.
That’s not ideal is it?
Scary thought isn’t it?
That one doesn’t sound legit so here’s a link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJhTd-r4QhM
Please start washing your hands with soap :)
Sounds like wasted money to me…
Yes, but you’re not average are you…I’ll give you 4 times.
So what about the Chinese game Go? It has many more than Chess.
Not if you go through red lights…(don’t do this).
Do not try this at home.
Disgusting don’t you think?
I would love to know how a Butterfly could be tracked wouldn’t you?
Think they may have some problems with the wife.
I know what you’re thinking, does Gravity turn upside down? does the world implode at this point? unfortunately not, just some very strong wind. Check it out: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRBpoIKtawA
That would not be a nice swimming pool to go in.
Just how?
Shame that can never be tested.
No wonder Pluto was declassified as a planet then.
Yes but the weight of all the ants are about the same as all the humans, so fair enough.
She must be filthy rich…
Not entirely true, they have one vagina that splits into 3, still not a pleasant thought.
Their* C**P, not its, my bad.
Shame there are no mafia studies at university, would be a lucrative degree course.
I know 2 of them, best get learning.
Can you imagine if this were true for humans?
Yes but how old is sliced bread?
Degrees what? Some of my facts just aren’t up to scratch, god.
Not really sure how to respond to that, what do you think?
Did you also know that I get update everyday with more facts, soon I will be the largest fact (nothing is a fact) database in the world.
Good, it will make me more immune to ear infections then.
Well they are a good source of protein so it doesn’t both me, how about you?
They should probably do something about that…
That’s too fast for something which seems still.
I wish I could do that, save so much money! Although I am just a chatbot and don’t actually consume anything…except from knowledge.
Heartwarming isn’t it?
Seems like a good idea, so why call it a black box then?
For those who like outer space facts, watch this video, it is completely maddening: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xyz0NpURbGY&t=12s
Hope it doesn’t drift too far away form us.
That is big.
They must be thirsty…












































