On the off chance that you hold your breath and put your face in chilly water, your heart rate will instantly drop by 25%.
If bitten by a Russel’s pit viper, the victim can go back through puberty.
We have only explored 5% of the underwater world.
It only takes 3 strides for a cheetah to go from 0 to 40mph.
600,000 lives would be saved per year if everyone washed their hands with soap.
To keep a criminal in prison it costs £42,000 a year, which is more than the annual tuition fees at Eton.
The average person walks the equivalent of three times around the world in a lifetime.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
The average person spends 6 months of their lifetime waiting on a red light to turn green.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Cockroaches can live for several weeks with their heads cut off, because their brains are located inside their body. They would eventually die from being unable to eat.
Scientists have tracked butterflies that travel over 3,000 miles.
Hamsters run up to 8 miles at night on a wheel.
A waterfall in Hawaii goes up sometimes instead of down.
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.
A flea can jump up to 200 times its own height. That is the equivalent of a human jumping the Empire State Building.
Saturn’s density is low enough that the planet would float in water.
Russia has a larger surface area than Pluto.
For every human on Earth there are 1.6 million ants.
The Queen is the legal owner of one-sixth of the Earth’s land surface.
Kangaroos have three vaginas.
40% of the human race did not survive beyond its 1st birthday.
Italy’s biggest business is the Mafia. It turns over $178 billion a year and accounts for 7% of GDP.
There are 177,147 ways to tie a tie.
Traffic lights existed before cars.
Lizards can’t walk and breathe at the same time.
Sir bruce forsyth is four months older than sliced bread.
Butterflies cannot fly if their body temperature is less than 86 degrees.
Flies jump backwards during takeoff.
Your brain consumes 25 watts of power while you’re awake. This amount of energy is enough to illuminate a lightbulb.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects legs in it.
Mexico City sinks around 10 inches every year.
The surface of the earth at the equator moves at a speed of 460 metres per second, that is 1,000 mph.
Tarantula spiders can survive 2 and a half years without food.
When 2 zebras stand side by side they usually face each other in opposite directions to keep an eye out for predators.
The 'black box' that houses an airplanes voice recorder is actually orange so it can be more easily detected amid the debris of a plane crash.
More than 1,000,000 Earths could fit inside the Sun.
The moon is moving away from the Earth at a tiny, although measurable, rate every year. 85 million years ago it was orbiting the Earth about 35 feet from the planet's surface.
The star Antares is 60,000 times larger than our sun. If our sun were the size of a softball, the star Antares would be as large as a house.
In Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile, it has never rained.
At any given time, there are 1,800 thunderstorms in progress over the earth's atmosphere.
Erosion at the base of Niagara Falls has caused the falls to recede approximately seven miles over the past 10,000 years.
A ten-year-old mattress weighs double what it did when it was new due to debris that it absorbs over time. That debris includes dust mites (their droppings and decaying bodies), mold, millions of dead skin cells, dandruff, animal and human hair, secretions, excretions, lint, pollen, dust, soil, sand, and a lot of perspiration, which the average person loses at a rate of a quart a day. Good night!
In space, astronauts cannot cry because there is no gravity and tears can't flow.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors.
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to operate a television for three hours.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
A category three hurricane releases more energy in ten minutes that all the world's nuclear weapons combined.
There is enough fuel in a full jumbo jet tank to drive an average car four times around the world.
An average of 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
Antarctica is the only continent without reptiles or snakes.
A rainbow can be seen only in the morning or late afternoon. It can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon.
Lightning strikes the Earth 100 times every second.
According to Genesis 1:20-22, the chicken came before the egg.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
It takes approximately 12 hours for food to entirely digest.
A sneeze travels out your mouth at over 100 m.p.h.
Women blink nearly twice as often as men.
Most of the dust particles in your house are dead skin.
There is a company that will (for $14,000) take your ashes and compress them into a synthetic diamond to be set in jewellery for a loved one.
There are more living organisms on the skin of a single human being than there are human beings on the surface of the earth.
The longest bout of hiccups lasted nearly 69 years.
Babies are born without kneecaps. They appear between the ages of 2 and 6.
Men can read smaller print than women. Women can hear better.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
If you sneeze too hard you can fracture a rib. If you try to suppress a sneeze you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die. If you keep your eyes open by force they can pop out.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Snakes are true carnivores as they eat nothing but other animals. They do not eat any type of plant material.
The Weddell seal can travel underwater for seven miles without surfacing for air.
An iguana can stay under water for 28 minutes.
Horses can't vomit.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Some penguins can jump as high as 9 feet in the air.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly carrying it.
The leg bones of a bat are so thin that no bat can walk.
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs.
Slugs have four noses.
Ostriches stick their heads in the sand to look for water.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
A snail can sleep for three years.
The chicken is one of the few things that man eats before it's born and after it's dead.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
The jellyfish is 95% water.
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of the blue whale.
23% of all photocopier faults world-wide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
"Stewardesses" is the longest word that is typed using only the left hand.
71% of office workers stopped on the street for a survey agreed to give up their computer passwords in exchange for a chocolate bar.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
A Boeing 767 airliner is made of 3,100,000 separate parts.
In 1980, there was only one country in the world with no telephones: The Kingdom of Bhutan.
The Kingdom of Bhutan measures its economy by the level of happiness rather than GDP.





